io/github/edufolly/fluttermobilevision/ui/CameraSource.java
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ui.CameraSource
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ui.CameraSource$1
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ui.CameraSource$AutoFocusCallback
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ui.CameraSource$AutoFocusMoveCallback
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ui.CameraSource$Builder
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ui.CameraSource$CameraAutoFocusCallback
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ui.CameraSource$CameraAutoFocusMoveCallback
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ui.CameraSource$CameraPreviewCallback
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ui.CameraSource$FlashMode
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ui.CameraSource$FocusMode
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ui.CameraSource$FrameProcessingRunnable
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ui.CameraSource$PictureCallback
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ui.CameraSource$PictureDoneCallback
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ui.CameraSource$PictureStartCallback
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ui.CameraSource$ShutterCallback
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ui.CameraSource$SizePair
io/github/edufolly/fluttermobilevision/barcode/BarcodeGraphicTracker.java
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.barcode.BarcodeGraphicTracker
io/github/edufolly/fluttermobilevision/ocr/OcrGraphicTracker.java
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ocr.OcrGraphicTracker
io/github/edufolly/fluttermobilevision/ocr/MyTextBlock.java
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ocr.MyTextBlock
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ocr.MyTextBlock$1
io/github/edufolly/fluttermobilevision/barcode/BarcodeTrackerFactory.java
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.barcode.BarcodeTrackerFactory
io/github/edufolly/fluttermobilevision/ocr/OcrCaptureActivity.java
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ocr.OcrCaptureActivity
io/github/edufolly/fluttermobilevision/ui/CameraSourcePreview.java
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ui.CameraSourcePreview
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ui.CameraSourcePreview$1
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ui.CameraSourcePreview$SurfaceCallback
io/github/edufolly/fluttermobilevision/face/FaceCaptureActivity.java
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.face.FaceCaptureActivity
io/github/edufolly/fluttermobilevision/util/MobileVisionException.java
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.util.MobileVisionException
io/github/edufolly/fluttermobilevision/ocr/OcrGraphic.java
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ocr.OcrGraphic
io/github/edufolly/fluttermobilevision/barcode/BarcodeCaptureActivity.java
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.barcode.BarcodeCaptureActivity
io/github/edufolly/fluttermobilevision/FlutterMobileVisionDelegate.java
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.FlutterMobileVisionDelegate
io/github/edufolly/fluttermobilevision/BuildConfig.java
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.BuildConfig
io/github/edufolly/fluttermobilevision/face/MyFace.java
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.face.MyFace
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.face.MyFace$1
io/github/edufolly/fluttermobilevision/util/AbstractCaptureActivity.java
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.util.AbstractCaptureActivity
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.util.AbstractCaptureActivity$1
io/github/edufolly/fluttermobilevision/barcode/BarcodeUpdateListener.java
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.barcode.BarcodeUpdateListener
io/github/edufolly/fluttermobilevision/face/FaceTrackerFactory.java
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.face.FaceTrackerFactory
io/github/edufolly/fluttermobilevision/FlutterMobileVisionUtils.java
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.FlutterMobileVisionUtils
io/github/edufolly/fluttermobilevision/barcode/BarcodeGraphic.java
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.barcode.BarcodeGraphic
io/github/edufolly/fluttermobilevision/ocr/OcrTrackerFactory.java
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ocr.OcrTrackerFactory
io/github/edufolly/fluttermobilevision/FlutterMobileVisionPlugin.java
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.FlutterMobileVisionPlugin
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.FlutterMobileVisionPlugin$MethodResultWrapper
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.FlutterMobileVisionPlugin$MethodResultWrapper$1
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.FlutterMobileVisionPlugin$MethodResultWrapper$2
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.FlutterMobileVisionPlugin$MethodResultWrapper$3
io/github/edufolly/fluttermobilevision/face/FaceGraphic.java
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.face.FaceGraphic
io/github/edufolly/fluttermobilevision/face/FaceGraphicTracker.java
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.face.FaceGraphicTracker
io/github/edufolly/fluttermobilevision/ui/GraphicOverlay.java
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ui.GraphicOverlay
 io.github.edufolly.fluttermobilevision.ui.GraphicOverlay$Graphic
